Feature: performance ping-pong test (#81)
runziggurat/xrpl: SPEC.md

    -> mtPROOF_PATH_REQ
    <- mtPROOF_PATH_RESPONSE

## Performance

### ZG-PERFORMANCE-001

    The node behaves as expected under load from other peers.
    1. Establish a node and synthetic peers.
    2. Begin simulation.
    3. Introspect node health and responsiveness through peers (latency, throughput). This could be done using `Ping`/`Pong` messages.
    There can be different errors during testing: broken pipes to signal established but suddenly lost connections, 

>     InvalidData errors to indicate that connection couldn,t be established at all or timeout erros to indicate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    InvalidData errors to indicate that connection couldn't be established at all or timeout errors to indicate 
```

>     InvalidData errors to indicate that connection couldn,t be established at all or timeout erros to indicate 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    InvalidData errors to indicate that connection couldn't be established at all or timeout erros to indicate 
```

>     connections where expected data has not been received.

Reviewer: I don't really understand this statement,
did you mean something like: "...connections where expecting data and it has not been received"?

Author: Yes, I've changed the sentence if it was unclear.
